Shaolin Studio,
how can I help you, please?
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com
You really wanna see this film
going down in flames, don't you?!
What are you talking about?
I love this film.
Oh, bullshit, Tina! Bullshit!
Last week you said
you would burn down the lab
before you let "The Girls"
be released with,
may I say, a brillant ending
tested through the roof,
- and now...
- And now, and now what?
What? What's going on?
Don't stand here and pretend
you don't know what the fuck
I'm talking about!
I have no idea
what you're talking about, Aaron.
I would never do anything
to sabotage this film, okay?
I put my whole life
into this film. Please,
stop yelling at me
and just talk to me.
Tell me what's going on.
Look,
I don't actually think that
you were the one
who stole the negative, Tina
because you are not a complete
and total raving lunatic
like for example
- Jennyfer Schecter!
- Whoa, whoa, wait.
Back up. The negative?
What negative?
The negative was stolen
from the fucking lab, Tina!
We have no more film!
And you think Jenny did this?
I cannot
in my wildest dream imagine
anyone else
on the face of the planet
being that devious or insane.
But Jenny Schecter?
Piece of cake.
And since she's your friend, Tina,
I am holding you
personally responsible for it.
So do whatever you have to do,
but get Schecter to return
that goddamn negative!
Fucking, Jenny.
I'm gonna fucking kill you.
- "Calimba Song"
by Justine Electra -
Shit!
I don't know what to say.
I'm happy we fucked.
Are you sure?
Yep.
Oh God!
Who the fuck is that?
Who?
Oh God, it's Alice.
- It's Alice!
- What the fuck is Alice doing here?
- It's early.
- She came 'cause
I'm supposed to give her notes
on that fucking treatment.
Tell her to go home.
We have to...
Where is my shirt?
I don't know. I mean,
are you sure it's there?
Here.
Hello?
You know the night
suddenly seems to me like...
Come here.
Do you think
we made a mistake?
No.
Really?
You know
as much as I do.
Come here.
Fuck!
It's so annoying.
- She's in the worse timing.
- Oh my god!
I know that look. Wooo!
What look?
The "I had sex on night" look.
Anyone I know?
No. No, I didn't do anything.
And, just so you know,
I look like this every morning.
Oh my god!
Who are you kidding?
You wear your sex night
on your sleeve.
So when did Jenny
let you back in the house?
Uh... last night.
Hey, little monkey.
Have you seen my earrings?
Monkey?
Well you guys like
super made up.
Are you gonna do
Patrick Demsey's hair
for some kind of commercial
this morning?
- No.
- No? What are you doing then?
- I mean...
- What?
I'm not... who am I doing?
I'm doing
- Who are you doing?
- Eric, Eric Mabius.
Oh right. Do you have to go?
Do you need some help
getting dressed?
- I guess so.
- Yeah?
- What?
- I gotta go.
Okay, I'm gonna help you.
Okay, hang on a sec.
Hang on a sec!
Come here.
Shit, shit, shit!
Oh my god!
Oh my god! Okay.
- Alright.
- Tell me you didn't...
You know
that I have to be at work.
Oh my god!
So we're gonna talk later.
Do you want a cappuccino?
No, thank you.
Are you sure?
I'm gonna
go to your bathroom.
What?
My god!
- "Shut Up And Let Me Go"
by The Ting Tings -
Don't think.
What the fuck?!
The regular clearly estates that
all graduate student
must pick through
graphic design
before they can move on
to individual design.
I'm sorry.
That's alright.
As I was saying...
I'm sorry.
Why is my phone buzzing?
Oh, why is my phone buzzing?
You got a text message.
A what?
A text message...?
- Do you hava a briefing?
- I do.
- I just wanted to talk to you.
- Yeah, of course.
Alice,
I'm gonna be there
in a second, okay?
- Hi!
- Alice,
what the bloody hell
is going on?
Jenny just...
She just took Shane outside.
She said she wanted to talk!
Well, isn't it a bit late
for that?
- Alice, what are they saying?
- I just wanted to tell you...
- What are they talking about?
- You know, I don't have, uh...
I don't have expectations
for our relationship.
Jenny doesn't wanna put any
expectations on their relationship.
And I was thinking
we should probably
set some boundaries, you know?
'Cause we live in the same house.
Jenny wants boundaries.
Boundaries?
Jenny doesn't even know
the meaning of the word.
She never had any boundaries.
Ever.
What I'm trying to say is
I just want it
to be different.
- Yeah, right.
- 'Cause I know you.
I know you do.
They're kissing!
Alice, you're being childish.
They're both grown-up
and if they want to get involved
with one another
- that's totally their prerogative.
- Good kisser.
- Kisser?
- You know that.
Shane just said
Jenny was a good kisser!
My god! It's disgusting!
I have to go.
She's coming.
Alice, what?
Alice what? No!
Yeah, absolutely.
Very good, very juicy tip
for you today.
- I'm just...
- Alice, just say it.
Let me know.
If she's in the room,
- just say yes or no.
- Yes.
Yes, so I will see you
at four.
Okay.
Work, work, work.
- The look is making me come at the...
- Right.
I'd appreciate it
if you don't mention
that stuff.
You know?
It's none of my business.
Nope.
Do you wanna start work?
Yeah, I brought mine.
You know, it's...
It's work.
- "I Can't Explain"
by The Charmless Hearts -
This is just so crazy.
Really? What is Shane thinking?
This is gonna be a
complete and total train rack.
Why it should be
your responsibility?
I think you should just
call Jenny to find out
what the fuck happened
to the negative
because, you know what? I'm sure
it's just some misunderstanding
and he's gonna call you
in a couple of days
and just apologize.
Alright.
Well, call me.
I love you.
What is Tom doing here?
Hello, Bette,
it's good to see you too.
Well, the ADA says
I have the right
to an interpreter
in the workplace.
The Americans With Disabilities
Act?
But you know perfectly well
that I can sign.
Actually your signing has never
really been that great.
So it's probably better
if you just speak.
Fine.
Well, we will both
probably agree that
working together has become
very uncomfortable.
And since I am
the head of this department
and I have
to have it run smoothly,
I think it would
be best for you to resign.
No.
Excuse me?
I love my job.
Why would I resign?
A few weeks ago,
you volunteered to resign from CU.
Right. I offered to resign
to protect your ass.
Which is something I would do
for somebody that I'm in love with.
Obviously
I'm no longer in love with you.
If you don't resign,
then I'm gonna have
to fire you.
Go right ahead.
- Yeah?
- We're in a meeting here, so...
Yeah, just...
Okay, here is my...
- I turn the ring off.
- Thanks.
Getting a lot of phone calls.
- I don't know why.
- Will you pass me that?
- Sure.
- Thanks.
Thank you. How long
did it take you to write this?
Oh, I just wrote that in a night.
I just kind of
stream-of-consciousness
- spit it out.
- One night?
This took you one night?
You people think that
you can just come into Hollywood
and suddenly
you're gonna make it
and you're just gonna like
write everything
and it's gonna be great
in one night.
You know what?
My work to write a screenplay
is a craft.
Okay?
And if you're gonna sit here
across from me,
you have to start
taking it seriously.
So this is what
we are gonna do.
Pitch it to me. Go.
I'm an executive, okay?
Like a pitch meeting?
- Sell it.
- I need to work on this.
- Go for it.
- It's a good idea.
It's about a talk show host
who is really fantastic and
is dating a cop,
who's dark and broody and
they get caught up in this,
this murder mystery.
So there'll be like car chases,
and it's got action and excitement.
It's kinda like foul play.
It meets "Mr. and Mrs. Smith",
so it's got the romantic,
you know, actionny...
- It's kinda got everything!
- Except a good idea.
Just saying. I mean...
I don't think
that's gonna sell.
Pretty boring.
But you know,
the heart
of this is that
it's just not realistic.
These two people would never be
in a relationship together.
- No, Alice.
- I kinda...
- Yeah?
- Well, Alice, you know what I think?
The future's now.
Right now
and this is not
the way forward.
Because when I'm with you
in a group of people
and I close my eyes
and I'm like ooooooo
that girl...
the voice.
She should be doing
cartoon voiceovers.
I have never really
thought of cartoons as a
career move.
You have
a unique fork laryngeal.
It's right here.
Jenny, open up!
I need to talk to you.
Thank you so much
for the inspiration.
Thank you.
- Alright.
- Great to see you.
- I'm gonna work on this.
- Okay.
Don't tell anybody
I told you
'cause I promised
I won't say anything!
Wait. Are you sure
about Jenny and Shane?
I saw them make out.
With tongue.
- Gross!
- I know.
I'm already have initiated down
but the image is burnt in my head.
Hey, Jenny,
thanks again for your help.
No problem.
I take it the meeting
didn't go so well?
Yeah, not so good.
Well, I wanna hear all about it,
but first right now
I have
to go fucking kill Jenny.
Why?
What did she do to you?
I can't talk about it right now.
I'll tell you all about it later,
alright? I just...
I have to calm down, okay.
I just have to go
talk some senses to her.
Yeah, good luck with that.
I'll call you.
I got a new cappuccino maker.
Do you want one?
- No, thanks. I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
Jenny, I need to talk to you.
I can make it with soil.
- Do you... Okay. Soil, fine.
- Soil? Okay.
Great.
What's up?
The negative of "Lez Girls"?
It was stolen from the lab.
What?
- The negative was stolen.
- I can't hear you.
The negative was stolen
from the lab!
Why are you keeping
saying the word "negative"?
Are you not hearing me?
- The negative...
- Smell the beans.
...to our movie was stolen
from the lab.
Who cares
if the negative was stolen?
The editor has it
on her computer.
We shot the movie on film,
okay?
Alright?
The kind of film you might
take pictures with.
- Alright?
- Okay.
The negative
is the original image, alright?
Without that, you can't
make prints. Without prints,
you can't screen it
in a movie theater, alright?
It doesn't matter what the editor
has on her computer, alright?
Because it cannot
be projected on to a screen.
No one's gonna see our movie.
Are you saying that
nobody's gonna see the movie?
Oh my god, Tina!
This film is my whole life!
I know it's your life.
That's why I'm here.
I just... I came over
to talk to you
face to face.
Look, I talked to the lab,
they kinda put a trace on it,
they're gonna find it,
but I just thought
you could talk to me,
- just one on one.
- About what?
- Is it here?
- Is it here?!
You... If I stole it?
You wanna know
if I stole the movie?
Jenny, it's possible.
Look, if it's here,
just grab it. We'll take it back
to the lab, okay?
And I can promise, nothing bad
is gonna happen to you.
But shit
has already happen to me!
My film's already been stolen!
Why don't you ask Adele?
Adele doesn't have any reason
to steal the negative!
Oh, Adele has no reason
to steal? Why?
Her whole career would be
on line.
Her fucking career
is on the line.
That twerp
has a three-picture deal!
I have nothing!
Nothing, Tina! Okay?
I don't even have
an agent anymore. Because
my agents fired me because
they don't think I'm professional.
And then and then,
if this film doesn't come out
then I'm totally fucked, okay?
So I need this film to come out
so I have this kind of chance
of getting a job again.
So you need to find that movie!
I did not steal the negative.
I'm sorry.
They're holding me responsible.
Aaron is personally
holding me responsible.
Jenny, I'm sorry, okay?
I believe you.
- Oh my god! This is so bad.
- I promise you.
So you guys are a couple?
No. No, Alice,
we're not a couple.
Things got emotional and
it happened one time. That's...
It's not, not a big deal.
Shane, it's Jenny!
I mean,
I just wanna make sure you know
who you're talking about here.
I'm surely aware
of who it is, thank you, but
listen,
we got each other.
We do! And I have to believe
she's not gonna get weird!
She even said it today.
You know, we live under the same...
Under the same roof,
you will have to set boundaries.
I know.
- How did you know that?
- I just, you're expecting Jenny
to set boundaries.
It's like...
- What?
- I have to.
I don't have another choice.
Even the most
level-headed calm person
would be freaking out
- if they slept with their roomate.
- Listen to me.
- It's normal.
- It happened one time.
And just because
it happened doesn't mean like
we're gonna add water
and become instant relationship
all of a sudden.
- "Too Beautiful To Be Good"
by Franciene Thomas -
What?
Nothing. She asked
get some beer on the way home.
And,
listen, between you and me,
if it was to happen again?
What?
What is that face?
I wouldn't,
I wouldn't mind.
It was good.
How good was it?
Better than I expected good.
You're gonna sleep with her
again tonight.
I will not. I swear.
No. I mean, I can't swear, but,
I'm not planning on it.
At the end of the day,
I really
am happy that
she's back in my life.
Speaking of which,
I've gotta get going.
I've got to find
a liquor store.
Phyllis, I need to talk to you
about Jodi.
She is implacable.
I have never met anybody so...
Bette, come sit down.
I feel like we us,
to discuss this problem
with all the parties involved.
Jodi has given me
her side of the story.
So if there's anything
you think I should know,
now is the time.
Jodi agreed to resign
several weeks ago,
and
I simply asked her
to submit that resignation.
The Justin Donovan
gun-to-the-head incident
has completely evaporated.
So there's no longer any reason
for Jodi to resign.
The Justin Donovan controversy
is only educative
of a larger problem.
Jodi isn't interested in any authority
other than her own
and as my subordinate,
she has repeatedly demonstrated
that she is determined
to make it as
uncomfortable as possible for me
to do my job.
So, you threaten
to fire your ex-girlfriend
because having her around
makes you uncomfortable?
No, that's not what I said.
It's a question of authority, Phyllis.
I'm really shocked, Bette.
I would never have imagined
that you of all people
would allow this...
this dyke drama to interfere
with you doing your job.
- This is not dyke drama, Phyllis!
- When you entered
into a sexual relationship
with a subordinate,
as you referred to her,
you relinquished
your right to fire her.
Because that's what's called
sexual harassment.
Are you threatening to sue me
for sexual harassment?!
That thought
never occurred to me.
I'm not really interested
in lawsuits.
This is not coming from Jodi,
Bette.
It's coming from me.
The last thing
this university needs
is a sexual harassment law suit
between two lesbians.
She just said
she's not going to sue me.
I don't care what Jodi says.
I cannot allow you
to expose this university
to this kind of threat.
Have I made myself clear?
Guess what?
I finished my whole treatment.
I'm excited!
- You did?
- I did.
And guess what else.
- What?
- I was thinking about you.
You were.
I was. Everything
that we did last night.
And what were you thinking?
I was thinking that I liked it.
What?
What are you doing?
Come here.
Are you sure?
Take this off.
I am glad we made up.
And we're back on "The Look"
and you've all been
waiting patiently
to hear what secrets
Alice Pieszecki has
to share with us today.
Thank you for that
great entrance, Andrea, but,
secrets makes it sound
a little dirty.
Well, dirty, Alice,
isn't the eye of the beholder?
That may be my point, Mary.
I know a lot of you
think of me
as the keeper of these
dirty little gay secrets, but,
I received a letter last week,
and it made me think
a lot about things I've done.
So I thought
Today, I will share something
a little intimate with you.
Great!
"Dear Miss Pieszecki,"
they spelled it right
there, which
I appreciate.
"I'm writing to you because
you might be able to help"
"people understand
what I'm going through".
"For the last three weeks,"
"my brother weight has been
on life support"
"I've been to the hospital
every day, praying for a miracle"
"but this morning,"
"I watched them
lower my big brother's coffin"
"into the ground"
I don't understand
who is this.
"My brother's dead because
he wrote a love letter"
"to a guy named Marcus"
"And Marcus shot him in the face"
"I'm writing to ask you
to please tell your viewers"
"that it's not OK
to hurt gay people"
"We didn't do anything to them"
"So why can't they just
leave us alone"
I know I've been...
I know I've justified
outing in the past,
saying it's a political act.
I certainly do believe that
the world would be better if
people felt free and safe enough
to be who they really are,
but what I forgot
was some people choose to stay
in the closet for other reasons.
One of those reasons is
homophobia is alive and well,
and oftentimes in this country,
it can be deadly.
So...
So I wanted to share that.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, Alice
for bringing that to our attention.
You're welcome.
Well, right now
we're gonna go to a commercial
and when we come back
we are gonna to discuss
how to dress for spring.
Don't go away.
Shaolin, may I help you?
Well, that's what I thought
'cause it occured to me that...
What's going on?
Aaron wants
to see you right away.
Again?
Oh for fax sake!
You wanted to see me?
"Dear Deluxe Motion Picture Lab,"
"please release the Lez Girls negative
to the East Side Messenger Service,"
"who will arrive
at 8 P.M. tonight"
"Sincerely"
You wanna read that signature
for me?
Oh, my God. You don't
actually believe that I did this.
Is that or is that not
your signature, Tina?
Yes.
But I didn't write this letter!
Then you'd better find out
who did.
Fuck!
It's painful for me
as this is.
So you want me to resign?
Yes.
Look, I know I'm not
the only administrator at CU
who's ever had a relationship
with another faculty member.
No, but you're the
only lesbian administrator
who's had
a nasty public breakup
with a faculty member.
So this is because I'm a lesbian.
- "Local Girls"
by Graham Parker -
Or is it because
you're a lesbian, Phyllis?
Before you go any further,
yes. It's true.
This situation could reflect
badly on me, but...
- Phyllis, she said she had no...
- But it's not the only reason.
- ... intention...
- Let me finish!
Unfortunately, Bette,
this is not your first offense.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Nadia's complaint sided
Gordon Percy,
but she also referred to
her encounter with you.
Nadia filled a complaint
against me?
Yes.
So why didn't you tell me
about it?
Because I knew
you'd be angry
and you'd wanna fight it
and it was more convenient
to make it go away.
So you see,
I've already given you
a second chance.
Phyllis, Tina and I
are about to adopt a baby.
We just started
construction
on the second storey.
- This is really not the...
- Don't grovel, Bette. It's beneath you.
You know with your talent
you'll find a position in no time.
May I get these ladies refill?
I'll have one. Bette?
I'll have a red Manhattan,
please.
You were a beautiful role model
for me when I was coming out.
Jodi too, but,
you in a very special way
and I will always be grateful.
That's nice.
And I don't blame you.
If svelte young coït
with long blond hair
was throwing herself at me,
God knows what I'd do.
She was a grade student.
To tell you the truth,
I've had my own struggle
with attractions to subordinates.
I've one crush
that's been incredibly
difficult
not to act on them.
You wanna know who it is?
I'd rather not.
Oh come on! Guess!
It's someone you know.
- "Soul Shoes" by Graham Parker -
Phyllis, I really...
I have no idea.
You know? And I thought you and
Joyce were gonna get married.
Joyce? Yes.
But as
Jimmy Carter once said,
"I've strayed in my mind's eye
many times".
Especially
with this particular person.
But now that
you're no longer my employee,
I feel free
to make my confession.
I've always found you wildly,
exquisitely attractive.
- Yes.
- Phyllis, no.
From the moment I saw you,
tall, strong,
brilliant.
- Don't.
- Erudite.
Incredibly... It was
so difficult for me
not to act on it.
You can't imagine.
- Joyce.
- Joyce is wonderful, yeah.
Oh, yes, she's TCB,
she's good in bed, but
makes a good living,
tight with Mayor Newsom, but...
if you gave me
the smallest amount
of encouragement,
I would lose her in a second.
You just fired me.
I know.
But it may be the best thing
that ever happened
to both of us.
You are and will always be
the woman of my dreams.
You'll have my letter
of resignation in the morning.
- "It's Out Of My Hands"
by Soul Children -
Girl, look what you got!
Next time Dylan Moreland
sends me flowers,
Kit, please, just
don't accept them.
OK, I'll throw 'em out.
No, that'd be a waste. Let's
put them in a bathroom, or...
Maybe we...
maybe recycle them.
"You're beautiful
when you're angry"
I guess hate crimes are not
"fun gay",
they're depressing gay.
And now I'm going
to this fucking 7:00 meeting
where I'm gonna get fired.
And
I'm scared to go.
I'm gonna say people I am sorry.
Okay? For what I did.
And I'm gonna beg
for this job back.
I can't let this happen.
Oh God, I don't know.
What about...
This would be good, right?
- No.
- Why?
I don't like it.
It's too something.
I don't know.
But wait, but you're not sorry.
I will be sorry
if I lose this job.
I do not like being broke.
But Alice, you don't always get
rewarded for doing the right thing.
I mean, some people
get punished. I got punished.
Are you really gonna make this
about you right now?
Are you really gonna do that,
make it about the fuckin' army
right now?
I am not here.
This is so fucked.
- I don't have any fucking clothes!
- Hello?
Alice, it's some woman from
the L.A. Gay and Lesbian Center.
Tell her I donated last year.
I don't have time for this.
Keep help me!
Hold on.
Hi, she's not here.
Can I take a message?
Alice Pieszecki...
Oh my god! Thank you.
Thank you. You have no idea
how much this means.
Wouah,
it's overwhelmed welcome.
This is Tasha.
I'm sorry. I'm just,
I'm really happy to see Alice.
Yeah, no problem,
yeah, we're here now.
Okay, great. It's this way.
She's this way.
Marie doesn't believe me.
She was already out there
when you read her letter today,
and she thinks I'm just making it up
to get her to come in.
I think if she just sees you
- and she knows you're here...
- Alright. Jamie? Jamie, hi.
Yeah, this is weird and crazy.
I can't talk a teenager
off the ledge.
What if she jumps
while I'm talking to her?
and you're not?
But Alice
isn't qualified for this.
- She's not a psychologist.
- I'm not.
- This is... I don't even know the girl.
- She knows you.
You're her hero.
She's so excited everytime
she sees you on "The Look"
because
she says it gives her hope
that someone could be out
like you
and still be successful.
Come on, would you...
Please,
can you juste talk to her?
This isn't gonna work.
Alice can't handle
a situation like this.
This is a crisis. You should call,
you should call the police.
Marie's terrified of the police.
What about her parents?
They already lost a child.
and they did shit the hell
out of her.
But it's not her responsibility.
Yes, I know, but...
Come on, Marie loves her.
Why don't you come up there
so we can talk?
Yeah, right.
Like I'm gonna fall for that?!
I'm not going anywhere.
You wanna talk,
you can come down here.
Alice, what are you doing?
What? The kid's not coming up.
Yeah, but you shouldn't
go down there. You should...
What? So I'm not qualified,
I'm not gonna make crisis?
Look, I came to the ledge.
So what? Is it like
part of your show or something?
Did you bring your camera crew?
Is that what you want?
Do you wanna be on TV?
Fuck you!
No, I don't have
a camera crew with me.
I'm gonna be fired.
Why?
They didn't really like
that I read your,
your letter on the air.
The producers in my show,
they got, they got really pissed.
I'm sorry.
I'm not. You know?
You know what? I mean,
millions, millions of people
heard the truth today.
They heard what you had to say.
They did. I mean,
you changed the world a little bit
when you wrote me that letter.
You really did.
And
if you stick around, you could
help change it a lot more.
Is that
what you're tryin to do?
Trying to change the world?
I don't know. Maybe I am
in my own little way.
That's so funny!
You guys, over here!
I bet all boys loved you.
Yes, they did,
girlfriend.
Yeah, I had my share,
back in the day.
But men...
they just mess me up.
What about women?
Oh, women?
Oh, puh-leeze,
they can mess each other up too.
I can't begin to tell you
how much drama I see.
Oh, but you're happy now.
Happy with Helena?
Yeah, I'm happy
with my partner. Yeah.
This place is a bomb,
and you and your girl
are gonna tear it up tonight.
And Sunset
is gonna rock Kit's ball.
Oh, yes, you are.
No one's gonna fix my face
'cause Miss Porter
is in the house.
I've got some
serious competition.
Oh, you go on now.
Those are
my friends out there.
Let me go get them
and I'll meet you back in this.
Okay? Alright.
See you soon.
- "Kiss my Sticky" by Betty -
...
No, I wanna say that
she really surprised me today
and I'm very proud of her.
And I'm very happy and proud
to be her girlfriend.
- To Alice!
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Holy shit!
Okay, finish. So,
she fired you
and then she kissed you?
Technically, I resigned.
And she didn't make out
with me. There is no way
that I was gonna
make out with her.
It was one of the most
terrifying moments of my life.
What? What's happening?
I just saw
Jenny and Shane in the car.
Shane's hand was all up Jenny's skirt and
Jenny's tongue is
all going down Shane's throat.
What?
You don't know how to check
your text messages, do you?
Is that what my phone
was doing all the buzzing about?
I can't...
- All the kids are doing it.
- Shhh.
Why are you laughing?
Nothing. Just,
we were talking about this...
Nah, I had something in my throat,
and I...
Alright. You know what?
Here is to Kit and Helena.
This place is fabulous.
Thank you.
It's like night and day.
- Cheers, Kit.
- Thank you.
You showed up all by yourself.
Very nice.
What?
I think this place looks
really beautiful.
You guys did a great job.
- Thank you.
- Did you
- do it yourself?
- Yeah, we did.
We wanted it to look like,
you know,
"Casablanca",
"Studio 54"...
Right.
And you should see
what we did with the VIP room.
- Where is it?
- It's up there.
- Can I go? I'm gonna go see it.
- Yeah.
Go see it.
And tell me
what you think about it.
- I definitively will.
- Okay.
Wait, Kit,
how big is this place?
You said there's two levels?
- Yes, yes, yes.
- Where's the other one?
Next to the VIP room.
It's like another level,
private.
I didn't even see it when I came in.
Can I check it out?
Oh yeah, absolutely.
You'll love it.
Oh, there's a second floor?
She might know someone
up there. Who knows?
Oh, right.
Oooh, maybe.
...
Now, where's the fabulous
Kit Porter?
You don't know it, girl.
...
- "Don't Keep Me Waiting"
by Sharleen Spiteri -
How are you?
I don't know.
I'm fine, it's just...
I don't know about them.
I just wanna make sure.
Wouah, 3 o'clock.
3 o'clock. My 3 o'clock.
My 3 o'clock. That way.
- Upstairs 3 o'clock!
- Oh my god!
Oh come on, now. They're just
talking to each other.
Are you okay
lying to all our friends?
I don't care.
I really don't. It's...
It's between you and me.
Come here.
titelilie
www.forom.com
www.tvsubtitles.net
Learn the unknown English words
of this movie at www.skeebdo.com